src/setting_up_plugin_development_environment.md, before:

# Setting up Plugin Development Environment

Plugins are typically developed in their own repositories or folders.

## Using the template
The easiest way to get started is to fork the 
[plugin template repository](https://github.com/ChatImproVR/template).

[![Use this template button](./use_this_template.png)](https://github.com/ChatImproVR/template)

If you're using another git service besides github, you can clone the repository and remove the default remote:
```sh
git clone git@github.com:ChatImproVR/template.git
cd template
git remote remove origin
```

## Setting up the helper script
The helper script is intended to make it easy to run the client, server, or both from a single command. The script requires Python 3.

### On Linux/Unix
Assuming you have a copy of `iteration0` somewhere (in this case, `$HOME/Projects/chatimprovr`), you can put the following in your `~/.bashrc`:

```bash
function cimvr() {
    $HOME/Projects/chatimprovr/cimvr.py $@
}
```
This will allow you to access the script as `cimvr` anywhere.

let's say we want to develop a plugin called `foo`, that we're developing at `$HOME/Projects/foo`. Then we could add this to our `~/.bashrc`:
```bash
export CIMVR_PLUGINS="$HOME/Projects/foo/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release"
```

### On Windows
Assuming you have a copy of `iteration0` somewhere (in this case, `C:\Users\dunca\Documents\iteration0`), you can put the following in your `$profile`

```ps1
function cimvr() {
    $cimvr_path="C:\Users\dunca\Documents\iteration0"
    python $cimvr_path\cimvr.py $args
}
```
This will allow you to access the script as `cimvr` anywhere.

*NOTE: To find the `$profile` path, open Windows PowerShell and enter `$profile`. There is a chance that `$profile` might not exist yet. In that case, you need to create a new file and the directory to match that path.*

![$profile path](./profile_path.png)


let's say we want to develop a plugin called `foo`, that we're developing at `C:\Users\dunca\Documents\Projects\foo`. Then we could add this to our `$profile`:
```bash
$Env:CIMVR_PLUGINS="C:\Users\dunca\Documents\Projects\foo\target\wasm32-unknown-unknown\release"
```

### Using the script to launch plugins
After building both `iteration0`'s client and server as well as the example plugins, we could launch the cube example included with ChatImproVR using:
```bash
cimvr camera cube
```

After building our own plugin we could launch it with:

```bash
cimvr foo
```

This will start the client and the server with our plugin as arguments. Note that this name `foo` is determined via package name, the one we set earlier.

The `CIMVR_PLUGINS` environment variable is a semicolon-seperated list of search paths. We've set it to `target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release` under our own plugin, so that it can find `foo.wasm`.

Note that the `example_plugins` directory will be looked for by default, so you don't need to add an environment variable for these.

## Tips and tricks
### Using the cargo-watch crate
Running e.g. `cargo watch -x 'build --release'` in your plugin's root will compile it automatically when you save the source. In turn, the engine will reload your plugin automatically. This means you can effectively save source or assets and see the result immediately!

Commit message:

How to fix "running scripts disabled" on Windows

src/setting_up_plugin_development_environment.md, after:

# Setting up Plugin Development Environment

Plugins are typically developed in their own repositories or folders.

## Using the template
The easiest way to get started is to fork the 
[plugin template repository](https://github.com/ChatImproVR/template).

[![Use this template button](./use_this_template.png)](https://github.com/ChatImproVR/template)

If you're using another git service besides github, you can clone the repository and remove the default remote:
```sh
git clone git@github.com:ChatImproVR/template.git
cd template
git remote remove origin
```

## Setting up the helper script
The helper script is intended to make it easy to run the client, server, or both from a single command. The script requires Python 3.

### On Linux/Unix
Assuming you have a copy of `iteration0` somewhere (in this case, `$HOME/Projects/chatimprovr`), you can put the following in your `~/.bashrc`:

```bash
function cimvr() {
    $HOME/Projects/chatimprovr/cimvr.py $@
}
```
This will allow you to access the script as `cimvr` anywhere.

let's say we want to develop a plugin called `foo`, that we're developing at `$HOME/Projects/foo`. Then we could add this to our `~/.bashrc`:
```bash
export CIMVR_PLUGINS="$HOME/Projects/foo/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release"
```

### On Windows
Assuming you have a copy of `iteration0` somewhere (in this case, `C:\Users\dunca\Documents\iteration0`), you can put the following in your `$profile`

```ps1
function cimvr() {
    $cimvr_path="C:\Users\dunca\Documents\iteration0"
    python $cimvr_path\cimvr.py $args
}
```
This will allow you to access the script as `cimvr` anywhere.

> *NOTE: To find the `$profile` path, open Windows PowerShell and enter `$profile`. There is a chance that `$profile` might not exist yet. In that case, you need to create a new file and the directory to match that path. If running scripts is disabled on your machine, consult the common fixes section.*

![$profile path](./profile_path.png)

Let's say we want to develop a plugin called `foo`, that we're developing at `C:\Users\dunca\Documents\Projects\foo`. Then we could add this to our `$profile`:
```bash
$Env:CIMVR_PLUGINS="C:\Users\dunca\Documents\Projects\foo\target\wasm32-unknown-unknown\release"
```

### Using the script to launch plugins
After building both `iteration0`'s client and server as well as the example plugins, we could launch the cube example included with ChatImproVR using:
```bash
cimvr camera cube
```

After building our own plugin we could launch it with:

```bash
cimvr foo
```

This will start the client and the server with our plugin as arguments. Note that this name `foo` is determined via package name, the one we set earlier.

The `CIMVR_PLUGINS` environment variable is a semicolon-seperated list of search paths. We've set it to `target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release` under our own plugin, so that it can find `foo.wasm`.

Note that the `example_plugins` directory will be looked for by default, so you don't need to add an environment variable for these.

## Tips and tricks
### Using the cargo-watch crate
Running e.g. `cargo watch -x 'build --release'` in your plugin's root will compile it automatically when you save the source. In turn, the engine will reload your plugin automatically. This means you can effectively save source or assets and see the result immediately!
