src/wasm.md, before:

# WebAssembly
## What is WebAssembly?
WebAssembly (WASM for short) provides a sandboxed environment in which programs written in a variety of languages can interface with a host application. WASM is intended to provide a platform-agnostic and performant alternative to native code.

## Limitations and features
Here we will go over some important aspects of working with WebAssembly in Rust. Firstly, that the standard library is available. Kind of. **In general, functions of the stdlib that communicate with the outside world will not work**; this includes but is not limited to: system time, files, sockets. Instead, one must rely on the interfaces provided by ChatImproVR. One exception to this rule is that allocation _does_ work; one can allocate memory with reckless abandon, at least up to 4 GB.

## Tips and tricks
If you need to include content with your plugin (e.g. models and textures), you may use the `include_bytes!()` macro provided in the standard library to embed these files in your WASM binary. For more advanced use-cases, consider the [include dir](https://docs.rs/include_dir/latest/include_dir/) crate.

## Details
We use the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target.

Commit message:

Note about using cargo watch

src/wasm.md, after:

# WebAssembly
## What is WebAssembly?
WebAssembly (WASM for short) provides a sandboxed environment in which programs written in a variety of languages can interface with a host application. WASM is intended to provide a platform-agnostic and performant alternative to native code.

## Limitations and features
Here we will go over some important aspects of working with WebAssembly in Rust. Firstly, that the standard library is available. Kind of. **In general, functions of the stdlib that communicate with the outside world will not work**; this includes but is not limited to: system time, files, sockets. Instead, one must rely on the interfaces provided by ChatImproVR. One exception to this rule is that allocation _does_ work; one can allocate memory with reckless abandon, at least up to 4 GB.

## Tips and tricks
### Including content
If you need to include content with your plugin (e.g. models and textures), you may use the `include_bytes!()` macro provided in the standard library to embed these files in your WASM binary. For more advanced use-cases, consider the [include dir](https://docs.rs/include_dir/latest/include_dir/) crate.

### Use the cargo-watch crate
Running e.g. `cargo watch -x 'build --release'` in your plugin's root will compile it automatically when you save the source. In turn, the engine will reload your plugin automatically. This means you can effectively save source or assets and see the result immediately!

## Details
We use the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target.
